# Web Toolkit

## Meeting Minutes

**Location:** https://global.gotomeeting.com/join/915053453

**Date:** [May 25, 2020 15:30 (UTC)](https://time.is/compare/1530_25_May_2020_in_UTC)

### Agenda

1. Introduction to topic
    - To reach consensus from last meeting<sup>[1](#r1)</sup>
    - What is a toolkit?
2. Toolkit needs 
    - Code & features, yes
    - What else?
        - Style & convention guidelines
        - Package management strategy
        - Test suites with fixtures
        - Public API from Readium specs
3. Existing implementations
    - R2D2BC<sup>[2](#r1)</sup>
        - Feature rich
        - Used in production
    - Other implementations
        - Fixed Layout content
4. What do we push as a repo?
    - Fresh, empty repo
        - Create starting point to achieve toolkit needs
        - Pull in and merge from existing projects to add features
    - Base on existing project
        - Use as immediate starting point
        - Evolve the project to achieve toolkit needs
5. Further discussion
6. Action items

### Participants

- [aferditamuriqi](https://github.com/aferditamuriqi) <sup>AM</sup>  
- [jccr](https://github.com/jccr) <sup>JC</sup>
- [JayPanoz](https://github.com/JayPanoz) <sup>JP</sup>
- [llemeurfr](https://github.com/llemeurfr) <sup>LL</sup>
- [mickael-menu](https://github.com/mickael-menu) <sup>MM</sup>
- [qnga](https://github.com/qnga) <sup>QG</sup>

### References

1. <a name="r1"></a>[Readium Engineering minutes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Y7DKDR0SJplKMaM7Ys5xkbtBuoYWpYAjVLkg2aGys7Y/edit#)
2. <a name="r2"></a>[d-i-t-a/R2D2BC](https://github.com/d-i-t-a/R2D2BC)

## Discussion

### Notes

- (can be scribed here)

## Decisions

(record decisions made)

## Action Items

### (assignee)

- [ ] (action item)

